 
 
Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois 60181  Administrative Office:  
<Blue Cross Blue Shield Global®/GeoBlue®> 
[c/o Worldwide Insurance Services, LLC ] 
<933 First Avenue  
King of Prussia, PA 19406>  
 
54.12 20 ER (SD)  1 
 
 
<Blue Cross Blue Shield Global Expat >  < GeoBlue Expat > 
 
 
POLICYHOLDER:  <Employer > 
 
POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE:  <MM/DD/YYYY > 
 
POLICY NUMBER:  <4EL-xxxx- xx> (the “Policy”)  
  
STATE OF DELIVERY:  <State > 
 ADMINISTRATOR:  <Worldwide Insurance Services, LLC > 
 
 
This Policy is a legal contract between the Policyholder and 4 Ever Life Insurance Company (Insurer).  The consideration for this contract is the 
attached Group Application and the payment of premiums as provided hereinafter.  The Certificates issued under the Policy describe the terms and 
conditions of insurance under a Group Policy  issued to the Policyholder (the Employer).  
 
AGREEMENT  
 
This Policy, the C ertificates issued under the P olicy, and the application of the Group form the entire contract between the Policyholder and 4 Ever 
Life Insurance Company .  Oral statements made by the Policyholder, by a Covered Person, by any Insurer’s agent , or by any other person do not 
become a part of this Policy.  Only the Insurer’s President or a Vice President may make changes for the Insurer.  Any changes must be in writing 
and attached to this Policy.  The Insurer  reserve s the right to amend the Policy from time to time . The Insurer  will pay, with r espect to each Covered 
Person, the insurance benefits provided under this Policy.  Payment is subject to the conditions, limitations and exceptions of this Policy.  This Policy 
is governed by the laws of the jurisdiction shown above.  The sections  set forth on the following pages , as amended from time to time, are a part of 
this Policy and take effec t on the Policy Effective Date.  
 
POLICY TERM  
 Policy Effective Date:     <MM/DD/YYYY > 
 
Policy Termination Date:   <MM/DD/YYYY > 
 Cancellation of Coverage under the Policy:   A Group’s coverage under the Policy may be canceled at any time after < 30 – 90> days written 
notice mailed or delivered by the Us  to the Group or by the Group to the Insurer . 
 If the Insurer  cancel s the coverage under the Policy, the Insurer  will mail or deliver the written notice to the Group at the last address stated in the 
Insurer’s  records.  If  the Insurer  cancel coverage under the Policy, cancellation takes effect at 11:59:59 p.m. on the date stated in the written notice 
or, if later, at 11:59:59 p.m.  on the < 30
th – 90th> day after the Insurer  mails or deliver s the written notice.   
 
If the Group cancels the coverage under the Policy, cancellation becomes effective at 11:59:59 p.m. on the date the Insurer  receives  the written 
notice or, if later, at 11:59:59 p.m. on the date stated on the written notice.  
 Cancellation does not affect any claim for loss covered under the Policy which occurs during the Covered Person’s period of coverage.  No benefit is 
payable for charges incurred prior to the effective date of coverage or after the effective date of cancellation of coverage under the Policy, except as provided in the Policy’s benefit provisions.  
 
A written notice of termination will be delivered to the Policyholder not less than 90 days prior to the effective date of termination.  
 
Cancellation of Covered Person’s Coverage:   Requests for cancellation from Covered Persons within a Group will only be honored if submitted by 
the Group to the Administrator.  Requests for enrollment from Covered Persons within a Group will be honored if submitted by the Group to the Administrator and the required premium is paid.  
    54.12 20 ER (SD)   2 
 
PREMIUM  
 
Payment:   Coverage is provided in return for payment of the Group’s required premium.  Premiums may be paid daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, 
semi -annually, annually, or for a specified term less than one year  (the “Premium Due Date”) .  Coverage will terminate if the required premium is not 
paid to the Insurer.  Premium is charged from the date insurance for each Covered Person takes effect.  Premium is payable to the Insurer or one of 
its authorized agents.  If payment of a premium is not honored by the bank or credit card drawn upon, the insurance is deemed to have not been 
purchased and not to be in effect.  
 
[Special Premium Provision:  If an individual P articipant is added to the G roup Policy  with an effective date of the 1st through the 15th day of the 
month, the G roup will be charged for the premium rate for the entire month.  If the individual P articipant is added to the G roup Policy  with an effective 
date of the 16th of the month or later, the G roup will not be charged for that P articipant’s monthly premium.  If the individual P articipant terminates 
coverage between the 1st and the 15th day of the month, the Group will not be charged for the P articipant’s monthly premium. If the individual 
Participant terminates coverage on the 16th day of the month or later, the G roup will be charged for the P articipant’s monthly premium. ] 
 [Special Premium Provision:  If an individual Participant is added to the Group Policy at any time after the 1
st of the month, premium will not be 
charged for that Participant until the beginning of the 1st of the following month.  If an individual Participant terminates coverage anytime during the 
month, including the 1st of the month, then that Participant is  charged for a full month of premium .] 
 
Filing Note: One of the two above Special Premium Provisions may be used, but not both, if agreed to,  
 
Premium Due Dates:  The initial premium for each Covered Person is due and payable on the Covered Person’s effective date of coverage and 
each subsequent Premium Due Date thereafter until coverage termination.  
 
Change in Premium:   The Insurer may change the premiums due on or after the first Policy Anniversary Date.   The Insurer shall give written notice 
of such change at least < 60 – 90> days in advance.  The premium rates applicable to the Policy are on file with the Administrator and the Insurer.  
The Insurer further reserves the right to re- determine the premium rate on any date on which the Policy is amended.   If the Insurer changes rates, 
the change will apply only to coverage starting on or after the effecti ve date of the change.  The Insurer will give the Group at least < 60 – 90> days 
advance written notice of any change.  
 
INDIVIDUAL CERTIFICATES  
 
The Insurer will furnish to the Group for delivery to each Covered Person an individual C ertificate setting forth in substance the essential features of 
the insurance coverage of such Covered Person and to whom benefits thereunder are payable.  
 
INCORPORATION PROVISION  
 
The provisions of the attached C ertificate (s), any Group endorsements and riders,  and all Group endorsements and riders issued to amend this 
Policy after its Effective Date , are made a part of this Policy.  
 This Policy was signed by the Policyholder on the Group A pplication.  The President and Secretary sign below on behalf of 4 Ever Life Insurance 
Company . 
 
 
 
  
              
 
 
 
 
GROUP INSURANCE POLICY  
 <non-participating - Dividends are not payable/ participating – Dividends are payable>  